File description:

3DScene.html- Contains the front end page, includes the description of how to use all interactions applied to the canvas content.

3DContent.js- Contains the javascript content of the page(used to manipulate the canvas and interaction to the page)

moretexture- folder containing textures applied in the page

models- contains information of objects implemented in the page

lib/js - JS libraries used 

Description
This scene is an experiment to test out the different functionalities in the THREE.js library and learn how to handle 3D scenes.
In this scene we've got a plane textured with an image that "locates" positions within the plane.
In the positive Y axis all the objects are located. We've got a male model, a teapot, a torus, a pyramid and a "robot".
The male model, pyramid and teapot don't include any interactions, meanwhile the robot and torus do(Datgui and keyboard input) . 
<h4>**IN ORDER TO SEE ALL DETAILS, MOVE THE CANVAS CAMERA WITH THE MOUSE OR PRESS ANY KEY INSIDE THE CAVAS (lines around the canvas square are solid) **IN THE CASE OF USING GOOGLE CHROME: RUN COMMAND python -m SimpleHTTPServer in terminal in order to run the page</h4>

Key interactions with robot
Key w Move the robot forward direction
Key s Move the robot backwards direction
Key d Rotate the robot to the left in current location
Key a Rotate the robot to the right in current location
Key c Make the camera be set in third person behind the robot. Press  again to return to "Orbit" view. 

Datgui interactions with robot
Variable px relocate x coordinate of robot
Variable py relocate y coordinate of robot
Variable pz relocate z coordinate or robot
Variable rx rotate the robot along X axis
Variable ry rotate the robot along the Y axis
Variable rz rotate the robot alond the Z axis

Key interactions with Torus 
Key  shift+w change torus material to basic and show wireframe.
Key  shift+l change torus material to lambert.
Key  shift+p change torus material to phong and apply shinniness and specular.
Key  shift+f change torus material to phong material with flat shading. 

Datgui interactions with Torus 
Variable px relocate x coordinate of torus
Variable py relocate y coordinate of torus
Variable pz relocate z coordinate or torus
Variable sx rescale the torus along X axis
Variable sy rescale the torus along the Y axis
Variable sz rescale the torus alond the Z axis
Variable rx rotate the torus along X axis
Variable ry rotate the torus along the Y axis
Variable rz rotate the torus alond the Z axis
